{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 No one can prepare you for the feeling that comes when you are unwanted. The feeling that eats away at you because you weren't good enough. A million things run through your head as you try to analyze what happened, as if you could have avoided the event all together if you had just changed one thing. If you had taken out the trash that one time, or cleaned your room without being asked.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 For me, thinking like that is toxic. I was kicked out because they don't want me anymore. They have no real obligation to keep me safe, to love me as their own. They did it for the money, it was always about the money, never about the kid. I looked over to the new social worker assigned to my case. She was young and probably just hired. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 I rolled my eyes as I looked out the window as we drove by the trees. The winding roads beneath us looked like glass in the blinding flash from the headlights. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 "Alexandria? My name is Poppy Williams. I'm your new-"
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 "My new social worker, I know." I snapped, "Can we skip the formalities? You'll be gone soon anyway." I mumbled, the sound of my voice coming out a lot harsher than I originally intended.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 "Why would you say that Alexandria?" She asked.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 "I've had nine social workers in the past eleven years. They never tend to stay long, especially not the new hires." Poppy sighed, biting her lip. I could tell she was on the brink of getting upset, but due to all her training, she bit her snappy comments back. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 "Alexandria, you are a good kid, I'm sorry about the situation you ar-."
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 "Yeah, I'm sure you are. " I interrupted. "And don\'92t call me Alexandria, that\'92s a name I dropped years ago. It\'92s Alex." I pulled the headphones connected to the old IPod I received as a gift from my favorite foster father years ago. I wanted to drown her out. I didn't want to hear her apologize. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 Pity and suspicion followed me like a shadow. No one trusts a seventeen year old foster kid that\'92s been in too many foster homes to count. Their shifty eyes followed me when I walked through a store, all silently wondering to themselves if I would steal something or not. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 The drive continued on into the late night, but finally, after hours and hours of driving we finally arrived at our destination.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs32 \cf2 My new temporary home
\f1\i0\fs24 \
}